Uncle Zhang Bomu Zhang
Something was delayed just now.
You two are weird
How can uncle be angry with you?
I was just teaching these two unsatisfactory things a lesson.
Come and sit
This is he is um
He is Xiao Wuji
Ning Yu's friend
I didn't expect Ning Yu to be so
Ordinary friend
Long time no see.
Mingyu is getting more and more beautiful
Mr. Jiang is really a noble person with a lot of things
Let so many of us understand you
A Jiang Shao is in charge of the Jiang Group
Every day
Not like some trash
idling all day
Anyway.
It's my fault for being late
I just happened to bring a good bottle of wine
Share it with everyone
It's an apology
This is dragon wine
This is royal wine
Ah, see?
This is a top wine only served to the royal family
Even if he had money, he couldn't drink it
Just this bottle of wine
It's worth your dozens.
I don't know where I got the broken diamond